README.md, before:

Ninja Search JS - the Greasemonkey Script
--------------------------------------

Description
===========

Do long drop down lists make you want to send out an assassin and hunt down web developers? Then I have the ninja for you.

Ninja Search JS - the Greasemonkey Script (aka ninja-search-js) converts all nasty, long drop down lists into autocompleteable text fields; and then then snap back into their drop down list form when you've selected an item.

See the [home page](http://drnic.github.com/ninja-search-js/) for more information, a demo, and the downloadable Greasemonkey/GreaseKit script.

Ok, let's put the [installer script here](http://drnic.github.com/ninja-search-js/dist/ninja-search.user.js) too.

Author
======

[Dr Nic Williams](http://drnicwilliams)

Ninja Search icon
=================

Dan Ritz [dan.ritz@gmail.com](mailto:&#x64;&#x61;&#x6E;&#x2E;&#x72;&#x69;&#x74;&#x7A;&#x40;&#x67;&#x6D;&#x61;&#x69;&#x6C;&#x2E;&#x63;&#x6F;&#x6D;), [http://wurkit.com](http://wurkit.com) - thanks for coming to RailsCamp 5, Dan! 

The icon was original developed for the Cocoa application Ninja Search, for which the idea was adapted into a Greasemonkey script. So I kept the name and thus got to keep the cool icon :)

Sponsor
=======

Sponsored by [Mocra](http://mocra.com/), the Premier Rails/iPhone consultancy

License
=======

Copyright (c) 2009 Dr Nic Williams, Mocra

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Make GM script works with dynamic content
* Forked from https://github.com/drnic/ninja-search-js
* Now it works for dynamic contents too.
* Adjust width if margin is tight
* Add '/' shortcut key to activate search
* jQuery is updated to 1.9.1

README.md, after:

Ninja Search JS - the Greasemonkey Script
------------------------------------------

Description
===========

Do long drop down lists make you want to send out an assassin and hunt down web developers? Then I have the ninja for you.

Ninja Search JS - the Greasemonkey Script (aka ninja-search-js) converts all nasty, long drop down lists into autocompleteable text fields; and then then snap back into their drop down list form when you've selected an item.

This is a forked version. Original version can be found [here](http://drnic.github.com/ninja-search-js/)


TODOs and Unknown Issues
=======================
* Makefile is temporarily used to generate ninja-search-js.user.js
* Icon URL is hardcoded to use https://raw.githubusercontent.com
* Need to cleanup unused files.
* Haven't tested tests - probably broken.


Authors
=======

[Ryoichi KATO](http://github.com/ryo1kato/)
[Dr Nic Williams](http://drnicwilliams)



Ninja Search icon
=================

Dan Ritz [dan.ritz@gmail.com](mailto:&#x64;&#x61;&#x6E;&#x2E;&#x72;&#x69;&#x74;&#x7A;&#x40;&#x67;&#x6D;&#x61;&#x69;&#x6C;&#x2E;&#x63;&#x6F;&#x6D;), [http://wurkit.com](http://wurkit.com) - thanks for coming to RailsCamp 5, Dan! 

The icon was original developed for the Cocoa application Ninja Search, for which the idea was adapted into a Greasemonkey script. So I kept the name and thus got to keep the cool icon :)

Sponsor
=======

Sponsored by [Mocra](http://mocra.com/), the Premier Rails/iPhone consultancy

License
=======

Copyright (c) 2014 Ryoichi KATO
Copyright (c) 2009 Dr Nic Williams, Mocra

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
